README.md, before:

![forthebadge-creative-commons](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/cc-0.svg)
[![forthebadge made-with-python](http://ForTheBadge.com/images/badges/made-with-python.svg)](https://www.python.org/)
![forthebadge made-with-javascript](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/made-with-javascript.svg)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB)

# Sudan Art - A Revolutionary Web App

> A website to help the anti-coup resistance movement in Sudan. See [sudan-art.com](https://sudan-art.com).

![Landing](.img/landing.png)

## Table of contents

- [Background](#background)
- [Technologies](#technologies)
- [Setup](#setup)
- [Contributing](#contributing)

## Background

This site was inspired by the Burmese website [Three Fingers](https://threefingers.org), used to support
the anti-coup resistance movement in Myanmar.

## Technologies

- Digital Ocean
- Docker

### Backend

- Python
- Django
- Django Rest Framework
- Django Storages
- CORS Headers

### Frontend

- Javascript
- React
- React testing library
- React Router
- Chakra UI

## Setup

1. Clone the github repository
2. Run `pip install -r sudan-art/django-backend/requirements-dev.txt` and then `pre-commit install` to set up the
pre-commit hook.
3. Check the frontend is ok by hitting `cd sudan-art/react-frontend` and then `npm test` and select `a` to run all the tests.
4. Assuming that goes OK, create a file to contain all the environment variables for the app. Hit `touch env` to create the file in the root directory of the repository, the same directory you just ran `git branch` in.
5. Populate this file. You need the following values:

```
DJANGO_SECRET_KEY=<make your own secret key>
DJANGO_SETTINGS_MODULE=django_backend.dev_settings
```

6. Install docker and make sure it's running; follow the instructions [here](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/).
7. Now from the root directory of the repository, run `docker-compose -f docker-compose-dev.yml --env-file env up --build -d`.
   This will take some time, so check there are no basic errors then go have a break
8. Run `docker ps -a` to get the id of the django container - it's also the id output by the command above
9. Run `docker exec -it <container id goes here> /bin/bash` to get a shell on the Django container
10. Run `python manage.py migrate` to run migrations
11. Run `python manage.py test sudan_art.tests` to run the test suite
12. Hit exit to quit your shell session on the Docker container
13. Navigate to `https://localhost:3000` to see the frontend of the site and `https://localhost:8000`
    to see the backend. The frontend can take a while to load so hit `docker logs <frontend container id>` to
    check what's going on if you're out of patience

## Contributing

Contributions of all kind are **very welcome** :heart_eyes: ! Please read the [guide](https://github.com/osintalex/sudan-art/blob/dev/CONTRIBUTING.MD)
to get started.

Commit message:

fix: tweak test instructions in readme

README.md, after:

![forthebadge-creative-commons](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/cc-0.svg)
[![forthebadge made-with-python](http://ForTheBadge.com/images/badges/made-with-python.svg)](https://www.python.org/)
![forthebadge made-with-javascript](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/made-with-javascript.svg)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB)

# Sudan Art - A Revolutionary Web App

> A website to help the anti-coup resistance movement in Sudan. See [sudan-art.com](https://sudan-art.com).

![Landing](.img/landing.png)

## Table of contents

- [Background](#background)
- [Technologies](#technologies)
- [Setup](#setup)
- [Contributing](#contributing)

## Background

This site was inspired by the Burmese website [Three Fingers](https://threefingers.org), used to support
the anti-coup resistance movement in Myanmar.

## Technologies

- Digital Ocean
- Docker

### Backend

- Python
- Django
- Django Rest Framework
- Django Storages
- CORS Headers

### Frontend

- Javascript
- React
- React testing library
- React Router
- Chakra UI

## Setup

1. Clone the github repository
2. Run `pip install -r sudan-art/django-backend/requirements-dev.txt` and then `pre-commit install` to set up the
pre-commit hook.
3. Check the frontend is ok by hitting `cd sudan-art/react-frontend` and then `npm test` and select `a` to run all the tests.
4. Assuming that goes OK, create a file to contain all the environment variables for the app. Hit `touch env` to create the file in the root directory of the repository, the same directory you just ran `git branch` in.
5. Populate this file. You need the following values:

```
DJANGO_SECRET_KEY=<make your own secret key>
DJANGO_SETTINGS_MODULE=django_backend.dev_settings
```

6. To run python tests, hit `python.manage py test sudan_art.tests` --settings=django_backend.test_settings
7. Now from the root directory of the repository, run
   `docker-compose -f docker-compose-dev.yml --env-file env up --build -d`. This will take some time, so check there are
   no basic errors then go have a break
8. Run `docker ps -a` to get the id of the django container - it's also the id output by the command above
9. Run `docker exec -it <container id goes here> /bin/bash` to get a shell on the Django container
10. Run `python manage.py migrate` to run migrations
11. Run `python manage.py test sudan_art.tests` to run the test suite
12. Hit exit to quit your shell session on the Docker container
13. Navigate to `https://localhost:3000` to see the frontend of the site and `https://localhost:8000`
    to see the backend. The frontend can take a while to load so hit `docker logs <frontend container id>` to
    check what's going on if you're out of patience

## Contributing

Contributions of all kind are **very welcome** :heart_eyes: ! Please read the [guide](https://github.com/osintalex/sudan-art/blob/dev/CONTRIBUTING.MD)
to get started.
